Anthoney Q., CSCS: Hello?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I just got it.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Tech- I just texted to you.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: But it'll look better. I know, I saw it pop up. Phone… on your computer.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah, I saw an alert on my computer, but now it won't show up on my, like, messages.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Is there a way I could refresh this? Your message is on your phone?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Or on your computer? My messages are on my computer.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: It popped up on my computer, showed that you sent it, but then it's…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Where did it show? Go up to where it showed, and I'll… Click it again.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I just clicked it, damn it.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Oh, there it is.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: See if this works.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Got a whole, like, update.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Nancy, I thought I was done working.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: It is updating.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Okay.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I don't know what I'm supposed to do, I guess I have to sign up for an account. No, you should just be able to click on the link.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Let me try that again.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Resend it one more time so it'll pop up, because…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I can… that's what I clicked on the link, and…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Why does it say Anthony Q's in the waiting room?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Are you signed up under me?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: No.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I just clicked the link. Now it's connecting.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: You're signed up as my name.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: No.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Okay, let me… Should I leave the meeting?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: No, leave your phone, or hang up on your phone.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Or there. There we go. I'll just hang up on my phone.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Can you hear me?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yes.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I don't need to see your face, I just need to show you the screen.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Okay… can you see this?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I can, how do I… hold on a sec.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Let me expand the screen.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Okay.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Okay.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So… This is the pacing calculator I've been working on.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So what we're gonna do is, I'm gonna run you through… What it looks like.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Based on… An athlete that you have.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So we're just gonna import one athlete for now.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Ideally, if you can give me an athlete that you have 3 events for, and 3 of their PRs for.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Doesn't matter, like, 800 mile and 5K, if that's easy enough.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Absolutely.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: It does that.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I don't.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Not this year.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I don't know if you have anyone that has two or three times. Two? That's the most you have.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: No, I have numerous kids that are doing two events, mostly.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I mean…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I don't care if they have…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: if they do two events, not, like, their primary events, I'm just saying, like, do you have.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Can I just give you a time from last year?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: That's fine. Just give me a random name.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Okay.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Give Kelly Van Proen…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Duke Kelly… how old?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, Kelly.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Callie?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: 16.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: 16… Female?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yes.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: How long's she been training?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I mean, with me, or just.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Total training.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Training age.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Well, she's a sophomore.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Did she start in 7th grade?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, she started in 7th grade.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Is that 4 years?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: What's her weekly mileage?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I think it's about 35 now.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Okay, these numbers don't have to be exact, I'm just…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, she's around that 35 miles per week.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: What's our primary event?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: The 1600?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Okay, does she have any secondary events that she's ever competed in?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: 3,200 meters.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Okay.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Anything else?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: She did the 800 last year, so that's why I'm using her as an example. She did it off and on.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: What's the latest… distance that you have her PR in.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Both the 32 and the 16, she PetR'd in both of those, it's the same… Meat.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Okay, what time was that meeting?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: It was a regional meet, she ran…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: You mean, like, the time that she… times that she ran?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Probably 1600.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: 1600 was a… 457.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: 4… 57… What day was that?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Excellent. It's gone… The 1600 was… On Saturday…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: This past Saturday?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: No.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: No, because the state meet was this week. I'm trying to remember what the day was on that.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Second.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: 9th? Or the 16th?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Let's see, the last weekend was the 9th, this…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: This weekend was the 16th.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: 16th… Let me see, I think… I think it was the…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Person… let's see… I think it was the first and the second.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: She ran the 32 on the 1st, May 1st.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: And… the… The 16th on May 2nd.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Okay. What… where was it located?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Northeast, heroes Stadium.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: She'll put it in San Antonio.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: For now.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: San Antonio, Texas. What time was it that she ran that?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Approximately.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: 9, 10 AM, PM?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Evening?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: The 600 was…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I think… 4.30, we'll say… 4.30 p.m, say that.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Let's do 4 p.m.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: The 32 was on the Friday the 1st.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Okay, so what was her 3200 time?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: 1050.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: And… 50… what was her, 800 meter time?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Her interview was last year, I think she ran, like.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: 227, we'll say. I think those are fastest.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Okay.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Sweet. So now we have all that information that we can put in here, and we didn't have to put all of it in there, but…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: The way this calculator works for that athlete, it… It's pulling up… Her age…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: You know, where she fits in her age, based on her training, based on her weekly mileage, based on her average grade of what other people are doing in that grade, and…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: whatnot.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: For the 1600.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: at… On this date, we're pulling up, like, barometric pressure, humidity, altitude… for San Antonio.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: At 4 o'clock PM.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So… Doing all that. Save, and then we look at Callie. This is what she ran.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: This is giving you, like, a coaching tool of, like, just an overview of, like, what's going on with her. She's a aerobic…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: trained… Adapted person.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So then, we go up here to the calculator. This is the fun part. If we wanted to see her…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: 1600 meter time, right? 457.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: We can go down here. So, if we just want to keep it simple and stay in this section up here, we can take whatever intensity we want to
Anthoney Q., CSCS: give her to figure out what she wants to train at, like, 99%, it'll give you a time right at the top. So as I move the slider…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: To 95% of her race time, she should run a 5'11, 1600 meter.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Right.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: If we wanted to improve her time 1%,
Anthoney Q., CSCS: She should run from a 457 to a 454.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Right.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: That'd be a 3-second PR for a 1%.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So, that's just the top slider where you can, like, fully customize however you want to.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah. Down here… is… All of her splits at 457, all of her splits for every…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Event at these zones.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: If she's running race pace, she should be at a… that should be 457. Math might be a little off on here, but that'll get the point. If she wanted to run a 400…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Like, if you're tracking her every 400 meters for the 1600, she should run… A 114 split.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, and a half.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah. And then, if she's running 800 meters, it'd be a 220, right? And then…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: thousand, like, you have, like, basically all the numbers kind of laid out in what her split should be for each section. She's running every 100 meters, she should be running a 15.8.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: If you're getting, like, that detailed on it.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So this section here… It's just a split table.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Then… Down here, I have a predictive table.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: This 1600 meters, her time.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Based on the 1600 meter, the further we get away from the that number?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: the more inaccurate we're gonna be, right? But we can still use formulaic
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Points from what other athletes done at her age group.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: We can pull from scientific articles, and we can see what people normally are…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: are doing in those, like, with all those numbers. So right now, I have 5,000 athletes loaded in here.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: that… Shows their whole lifespan of running, from junior high through college.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Some just high school, some just college, some all the way through.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So I have 5,000 actual people.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: that are being pulled into the data. I have 10 different formulas I'm using, and I'm
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Putting those formulas together.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: In such a fashion to where they're reducing any bias from a specific formula.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So, like, pulling from Tinman… pulling from VDOT, pulling from,
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I forgot the other one. Pulling from the Norwegian training… Method.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Pulling from all these different people, right?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So what you're seeing is…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: If she wanted to run a 100 meter, like a pure sprint, based on what she's able to do.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: She should be able to run it right now in about a 16-12.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: But…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: That's, you know, that's how likely she is in a range. The range would be a 1483 to a 1741.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: And the confidence of her running the 1612 is very low. So, we're probably not gonna, like.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: If she runs faster or slower, we're not gonna be too beat up on that number, because it's, like, a 33% confidence level, right? Because she's a…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: longer runner.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, but 16 seconds is really not that fast, that's pretty slow.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah, so the way the formula works, if you had a…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: 400 in here, you would pull data from the 400, because that's more of a sprint than the 800, because of the energy systems. So, based on the energy system, we can't get good enough data for this. So that's what I'm saying, like, she could run a 1483. Or, maybe she goes out and does a 100 meter.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Cause, like, up here, right?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: She's already running a 15.8, so we know that she's capable of running 100 meters in 15.8.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah. She can run 100 way faster than that, 200 way faster.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: 400, if she was running just a 400, she can run way faster than that.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Probably.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Okay.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: 800, that's faster than she could probably run.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: This is faster.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, 221, I don't… I don't know that she can run a 221.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Okay.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: The 400 seems slow, the 200 seems real slow.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: The 100 seems slow.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: the… One mile, that's probably pretty accurate.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Well, that's where you look over here, right? Like, the one mile has a 95% confidence rating of, like, she could run one mile in that.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: She just ran…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Actually, it was wrong. I thought she ran a mile at 5.01 just last weekend, just last weekend, but…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: It ended up turning into a 1600, so I don't know.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So that's where, like, your confidence…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: rating is here, right? She could run anywhere from a 454 up to a 503.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: But with these numbers, and then the more data you put in there of her, like, if you have all of her… if you put all of her data into this app, it would start calculating what she's done over different events, over different times, over 7th grade to now, or over the past 2 years you've trained her.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: And it's gonna make all these numbers, like, more accurate. So since we're only pulling one date, one number.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: We're only looking really at one thing, and so the confidence intervals are gonna be, like, way off.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Can I, can I, like, give you her PR from 1600 last year?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: She ran a 509 last year, was her fastest, mile.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: We're short. 1600.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: 1600.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I believe that was also at the regional meet last year.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Come.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: This girl, like, barely beats, what was the girl that you guys were training from Canyon?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Maddie?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: She barely beat Maddie last year, and she destroyed Maddie this year, like she did… Maddie wasn't even in her class.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah, Matty's all over the place.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So anyways, yeah, that is… All of the…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: predictions, right? The more data you start putting in here for the athletes, the more. I think right now, I'm still working on making sure that the data that gets put in
Anthoney Q., CSCS: is being saved, and actually working, and it seems like right now it's not, because I don't have a place to put in multiple events for her over a different time period.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, that… because that seemed like… those times seemed a little more realistic, because, like.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: On the other one, when you had her at a 457, It, like, the 3200 times…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I could see where you could see that, because some girls could run maybe 10 20s.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: But I would say more like 1030s.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: She didn't get that fast in the 32, but… I think…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: That's interesting, let me see… we end up… we put her time, right?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, we…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: We're time for this.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: 10.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Okay, so for some reason, it's not pulling…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I need to look into that.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So for some reason, it's not pulling the other event times, it's just putting them there, because if it's saying that… if I'm putting in…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: That we have her PR for the 800, and that's a 227.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: And a 1050 for the 3200. And then we go back up here to the calculator.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: her prediction time for the 800 should be a… oh, I guess it is a 227.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Okay, so that's right. And then…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, that's… that looks right. Yeah, this one looks more accurate. 1048, though, seems fast for a 509 1600 meter runner.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Well, that's the middle ground.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Right? So she should be able to run anywhere from a 10… 25 to an 1112.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, that's way too fast. There'd be no way.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Well, I mean, 11… 1112 would be… probably a lot slower than she could run, right?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I'd say that's probably… For a 509 or a 510?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: 1600 meter runner, I'd say that's maybe a little bit faster, maybe closer to 11 flat to 1112.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: But definitely not in the tens, probably.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Okay, so what we're saying is the hundredths…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Are the times that are likely are too slow, and the… higher end… The times are too fast.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah. Super.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: kind of 5K, we…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Like, 1048 would be…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Probably couldn't run a 17-minute 5K.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: 1725, 5K.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Maybe not as… maybe in the high 17s.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, I think the time's a little bit fast.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Okay.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: 36, 17, maybe.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: 20 and 42… Probably not.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Like, I don't see her running a 2 hour and 47 minute marathon.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Alright.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So that's, like, way… that's way too fast. And even in the range over here for the aggressive versus conservative, like, she's not gonna run a…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: 232 as a 16-year-old, and she's not.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: And if you look at…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: 308.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, and you could even see a discrepancy, because a half marathon, a 120 is not that good.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Compared to a 246 is much better than a 120 half.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: So those don't even really match.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Because, like.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I could run a 118 or a 1… like, I would say if you ran a 246, that'd be more like a 116 or even a 115.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Or at least a 118.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: So I'd say about a 115 to 118 range.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: On the half marathon.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: So yeah, that doesn't… yeah, they're just a little bit off, just based on experience, what I've…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Because those times were close to what…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I could run in a half marathon.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Or a marathon.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: And… I'd be running way faster track times.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: How do these coaching split times sound to you?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So, like, easy would be 80… or sorry, 78% to 82%.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: The tempo pace is too fast. That's a really fast pace.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: If a girl… is this for her current PR of 457, or is this the 509 one?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: This is a 457.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Or sorry, that's a 509.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, that's way too fast.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: The percentages… don't look at the times yet, just look at the percentages.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, because tempo, in my mind, is lower than…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: 90%, it'd be more like 85 to…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Because what I classified tempo, it'd be, like, a longer, fast run.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Threshold would probably be a little bit lower percentage-wise, 85 to 90.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Tempo, it could be, like, 80 to 85, maybe?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Race pace, 5'11, yeah, that's… Within range…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: For fast reps, 501, yeah, that's good.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Maybe even a little bit faster. Just depends on what it is. But yeah, what if it's 400s?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: What's the 400?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: 114.9… Which would be… sub… 501… That'd be sub 5.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Unless… this is for a mile.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: 1600?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Per mile, yeah, 501, yeah.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: It'd be sub… it'd be sub-5 for $1,600.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Speed…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, the speed looks good. Sprint.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Nope.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Alex was saying, like, if he tells someone to go out on an easy run, so I need to…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Fixed that in here, too.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: An easy run was basically… Based off of fill, and that's not necessarily based on, like, the zone of…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: like, 78% to 82%. It's like, that's way too high. It's like, because they're.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, I agree. I was about to say, 65 to 70%.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: He was saying… he basically tells them to… to run…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: to where it feels easy. And he said some kids, that's… Like, an 8-minute pace.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Or a 9-minute pace, and that could be, like…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: 50%, or… or, sorry, 55% or so of their…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Of their easy, and then some.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: for easy could be, like, 65%.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: And especially if it's, like, an easy recovery run, because recovery, you might be going slower than a true easy pace.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: But yeah, easy could be just, like, it just depends on what you're trying to get out of it, too.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, so it could be 55. I'd say 6… I'd be somewhere in the 65 range for a real easy run.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Or a 65 to 70 at the…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: bias. I mean, I guess it could be upwards of 75.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: But then, if you're going up to 75, you're doing more of a medium run.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: And then you get in the 80s, you're actually doing more of a hard run.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: like, I would say 80 is, like, more of a tempo run, because I think your tempo…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Percentages are too high, too.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: your threshold… Looks almost right, maybe a little bit lower on the low end.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: But a threshold can be a very short threshold, and it could be pretty high.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Percentage.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: But I'd say maybe 85 to whatever you got there.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I thought the speed stuff looks pretty good, maybe it could even be a little bit faster in some of those things, but…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, I agree with Alex. I think it's… the percentages are too high.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Steady state, 85 to 88.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, I think that's probably good.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Let's book that…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Download it again.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I mean, threshold's just gotta be under…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Your threshold paste just clearing lactate still.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: He was calling it steady state instead of threshold.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So you're saying, like, where you could run at a high enough rate to where you wouldn't be…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Getting into the lactate.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, it's probably just… it's just another way of saying it.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: See, I think… that's where I'm…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I think thresholds are… threshold runs are really hard to do longer runs, I think, because my mind, the tempo run is… it's a faster run that's… you can go much longer.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: But a lot of threshold runs, you're not gonna run 3-4 miles, it's it.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: the most, and I mean, with my high school kids, they're still learning how to do threshold runs without going over the…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: threshold.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: So… Like…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: But I think that's just another term for it.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Did you develop this whole app, or what?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: This whole thing?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: So you're just trying to work out the bugs? That's why you're kind of talking to us about it?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Because I had… originally, whenever I talked to Alex, I fixed all this stuff, but now it's reverting back to this, and I don't know why, so I'm gonna have to figure out where in the code that that's coming from.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Is this good?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Be, like, an app that you can buy, or what are you gonna do? What do you think you're gonna do with this?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah, I'm gonna set it up to where anyone can use it for free to use… this up here.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Like, you can put in a time. Basically, like, what you get with Tinman, or Tinman and VDOT, for those calculators, you get all that here. So you can get this.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: You can figure out, like, you put in their…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: their pace, or their PR for one event, and then anyone can come on and say, like, where do they need to be training at? Like, is it sub-race stuff? Is it threshold stuff? Like, so that you can, like, quickly, easily get these numbered, or you can come down here and see it down here.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Everything… everything else, like the conditional adjustments.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Like, are they running at altitude? Are they running at temperature of 75 or higher?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Right, like, if it's 50 degrees and sea level, no adjustment. If it's 75, Or higher, you can increase
Anthoney Q., CSCS: a percentage, because it's harder work. At elevation, you can also increase
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Time, because it's, you know, a lot of work.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Because it's harder on the body. So all of this stuff, all the metrics of, like, what the weather's doing, all of this stuff here for the predictive stuff, that, like, people would have to pay for. So my goal is, give people a free calculator that works really well and better than what other people are…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Using from other sources.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: for free.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: And then if they want all this predictive stuff, if they want to import their whole roster in here.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Like, if you have a…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Google Sheets or a Excel spreadsheet of all your kids, with all their stuff, you just drag and drop that in here, and it auto-populates all of them instead of you having to fill everything out.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Really?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yep.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: And then, coaching tools.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: It's kind of like a simple overview of, like, who this person is, what she's doing, what looks good. You get a performance curve here, like, based on the times you gave me.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Anything over… The line?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Generally, means, like, she's probably more likely…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Faster at that distance, based on this curvature?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: The problem with the curve right now?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: under the performance curve is… that's not related to… so I want two lines. I want an individual line.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So then that way you can see, like, this curve is actually following…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: These numbers here, so you can see, like, what she's actually doing.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: And then I would want a predictive curve.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Or, sorry, a comparative curve that says, based on the district that she's in.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: And the nation that she's in…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: You'll see a district line that's maybe green or something.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: And the district line will show, like.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: 227 is good for her in orange, but slow for the district.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Or slow for the nation, or something like that, right? Or…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: maybe it's slow for the district, but fast for the nation, or something, right? Like, so I want, like, 3 lines in here, but, like, her primary line, this orange bar, should go over her numbers.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Huh.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So it's adjusted?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: And then… We can look at the… because, like.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Right now, it's kind of showing that she's probably faster at an 800 meter, so she's probably an 800 meter runner, or based on these numbers, it's formulating that she's a better 800 meter runner than she is a 1600 meter runner.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: And she's a worse 3200 runner than she is a 1600 meter runner.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, and it's all wrong.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Or sorry, that would be the opposite.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Oh, yeah, I was gonna say.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Sorry.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Well, out of those 3 times, the 3200 is the best one.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah, so her 32…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: 09 is from last year. The 1050 is from this year. The 27's not that spectacular for someone that's…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Her high of quality for the 32 and the 16.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: 226 is pretty average for her compared to…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: That's why we moved her up to the third, too, instead of running the 800. She wanted to do that.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: She's a…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So that's kind of
Anthoney Q., CSCS: goal with this chart here is to kind of predict, like… because some kids, right, they could be running an 800 meter and a 1600 meter, and then they're also doing cross-country. Yeah. And their cross-country time's so poor.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: But their coach is a cross-country coach, and they're like, well, we need more cross-country kids, and I want you to do distance and track, and so they're so adamant about getting them in the 5K, because no one else is doing it on their team, and it's like, yeah, but clearly the kid's, like, running faster at a 16 or an 800.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Like, they're more… they need to be pushed this way. And so the coaches…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: kind of screwing over the kid. But then the kid could see that, the coach could see that, whoever's seeing that could see it.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Alright.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, you might see that, especially with collegiate runners, but you might see that more with an 800-meter runner.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: For that scenario.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah, because the 800 meter runner, right, they could run the 400, 800, or they could do the 16 and the 800, so then there, it's like, are they…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: faster at the 400? If so, then that's fine. Like, these numbers here are so close that it doesn't… it's not even showing up in green. Like, if we edited her profile…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Let's see, open dashboard… Let's just say we change something, like, even crazier, like her…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Let's call this a… 2… 50.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I'll call that, 10.02.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Oh, so yeah, it was… it was backwards. Okay, so it's showing here… so faster is up here. A 4 10-minute mile versus a 5 back.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, because that last one was pretty wrong, in my estimation. A 227 for a girl, is…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Pretty good for most girls, but… like…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Lots of girls can run that.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I had a girl that ran that this year.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: And she wasn't even the class of this girl in the third tier or the 16, like…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: The 1050-1600, or 32 is way better than a 227.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Like, cause a 1050 would have got her…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: If she would have ran that at the state meet.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: She would have been… Fourth place.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: And a 227… Well, 227 won't even get you out of district.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: It won't even be close, it's like 10 seconds away from getting out of district.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah, and all of this is showing, like, based on the one time we put in there, so I think that's the one thing I need to focus on on the app. It's like, whenever we put in multiple times in PRs, we can put in the single…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Almost like, what's their primary event that they're currently running, what's their secondary events, and then what are all the times for any race they've ever done, like, in the past? Because I have it set up to where if they haven't run a PR in 6 months.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I consider it still.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, she was PRing almost every other week, like this would have been, and she's also PR'd a bunch last year,
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, these are my… Girls that are my stars in making their…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So this is where you could get into… like…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: you know, now that I changed the numbers, right? Like, her strongest event is a 3200.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: And we're basing that off of…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Oh, but…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Times, like, all of these, like, scholarly articles.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: And then you can see here, like.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: What would her increase percentage be?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: For her… 1600 meter time, if she trains…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: conservatively, for 3 months, she's gonna get about a 2%… er, sorry, she's gonna get a… she's gonna go from a 509 to a 507.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: And then… You know, this is assuming, right?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: We're… they're actually getting the adaptation. They're improving, they're not getting injured, they're not having issues, biological maturation.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: You know, context.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: in… a year, should she be running a 502 from a 509?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: You know, like, maybe.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: But then also…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: If she's out, you know, if you put more data in here, and you saw that last year she ran
Anthoney Q., CSCS: a 5… let's just make some numbers up. If she ran a 512 last year…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Up to the… the number?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Because this would be really dumb.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Because if you look at it, she runs a 509-1600, that would be a 101832.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: 10, 18, 32? What do you mean?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Meaning, if she doubled her 1600 PR, that she would run a 1018.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: 1018 for us.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: 16 seconds faster in her 32 PR.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Oh, yeah, I just put that number in there so we could see the graph.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I just wanted to show you there's, like, the graph, once it gets beyond a certain point, it shows, like, green or red.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: That's wisely.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: So the green is saying she's exceeding…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: She's exceeding this curve. The orange line's, like, the forecast, right? So, if, for whatever reason.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Her coach had her running an 800 meter at a 250.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: And it's like, yeah, but she just ran a 10.02 for the 32, like, why is she still running the 800?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So this is like a… I'm making stuff up now just to show the chart.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: But yeah, this is, you kind of get the whole, like, her training style based on these, you know, the new numbers.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: She's critically, velocity… Her critical velocity is, like, the primary blend of the framework of what she's doing.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Right? Not a lot of heavy weight on acceleration.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: For the 1600. Like, this is event demand.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: This is what we're looking at specifically for… The ultimate 1600 meter runner.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Like, we don't really need to work on acceleration drills. Like…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Ideally, if you're gonna work on acceleration drill, that's probably…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: coming off the starting line? Like, can you actually come off the starting line, like, within that first 100 meters?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: But you're probably gonna work on that, like, 2% of the time, potentially, right?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Find out, right?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: And then here's all my…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: We start hitting it.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Towards the end.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: And, yeah, we don't start doing it till, like, basically, like, the… Taper phase, or whatever.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So what do you think about this so far?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I think it's got great potential for being really cool, really, like, unlike anything else.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: There is.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Because basically, what I see is, like, you can see an outline of what you need to do for training for the kids, too.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Like that.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: with what Alex…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Cool.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Said.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: He suggested an easy pace.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: That's about 65% steady at 80% tempo.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: That's what I… that's what I said, 65.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Then he called it, so there's threshold…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: critical velocity, race pace, right, and then VO2 max, which would be 0.5%.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Speed, and then sprint and Strides.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, I would even say, I would even say…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: You could lower it down to the high 80s for threshold as well, like in that range.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Tempo… I would say, say that's still pretty high.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Was he saying 92% was too fast?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Well, he was saying this based on college students, so… we do have to look at the…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I see there, right?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: So I would definitely…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: For a college student, if they're…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: he was using one of his better athletes. So for her, a tempo at 88% of her race pace
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Is not gonna be the same as a tempo for a…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: 10th grader, right? Like, 80% is probably more likely the tempo for an 8th grader.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, exactly. Or even a high school kid, yeah, because of.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Sorry, high school sophomore, I said…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, because it would be 65% for a middle school kid.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Because they have no… they have no.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Cool.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: And it's like…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: what is their percentage? You know, like, whenever you're a 7th grader, like, what is 65%? Like, they don't really know.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Like, run towards easy.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: No. Yeah.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I feel like when you tweak it.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: If there's some way where you can change the percentages based on the age group, too, that might be something.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Or if you have a thing where you can…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Like, click on based on age, like, where you add by age group?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So that's the…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Great.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I'm trying to get to. I'm trying to get it to where, like, if they're under a certain amount of…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: training years?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: And if they're… so, like, if you take someone who's… That is amazing.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Makes sense.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: 12.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Like, your numbers are gonna be way off, because they have no… there's, like, they have nothing.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Like, they have no training age, right? Or 13, whatever a 7th grader is, like, they have.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Well, and think about a 35-year-old man, say, a 35-year-old man just been training, because you see this a lot, you know, like, adults decide to take up running.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: competitively.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: And they're only been running for 2 years, you know, they're still at a training age of 2 years.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Boom.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: No, I will say their age will play a factor, because they're older, so they understand things better.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: But still, 2-year training age.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, so… If you can get that part right, that… would even be… But, like…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, I think this could be awesome. This could build a whole.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: There we go.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Could be a guide for building the whole… Boom.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I just fixed all the times.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: It's now easy as 60-70%.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Which means… The mile pace would be a 660.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: So, 7 minutes.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Well, that's 6…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: 660 per meter?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Per mile.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Oh, it's saying 660 because it's a 659.5.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: And it's rounding it per mile to a 660, so that way it's like… Okay, so the app also needs to round…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Those numbers to the actual, like, 7 minutes, not do a 660.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Okay.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Because over here, it's saying it, it's saying it's 659.5, so that's.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, rounding up.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: That, it's not okay. Yeah, that's not… it's not appropriate.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah, because, like, here, if you put in 90 degrees… And 6,000 foot elevation.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Well, if you need, I'll start gathering data from my.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: This is applying all the stuff here, like, because we put in 90 degrees at 6,000 foot elevation, now that easy goes from a 7-minute to a 7.53.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Because it's saying, like, we're applying an extra 12… 0.7%.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Because of 90 degrees and 60 foot elevation.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Do you want me to get a group of data?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: PRs for my kids, so you can, like, work with this and, like, have some real-life examples.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah. Cause, like, right now, all the stuff I'm pulling from…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Like, I pulled the UIL Texas State Meets from 23 to 25, but that's all just PRs from the state meet results.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: That's not…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I have some data that I'm trying to collect for each kid going up. Like, this is still… these aren't… these numbers aren't right. Like, this should be closer to 3,000.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: And then my…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: And…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So, that's the other thing, right? Like, UIL, it should pull
Anthoney Q., CSCS: The percentages… the percentages and stuff should pull from, like, junior high, or, like, middle school, so 7th to 8th grade.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: What you need to do is go on Mile Split and get that data. They're most of the,
Anthoney Quebedeaux: UIL just changed the rules, and almost all the data's going through Milesplit now.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Mile split… domain…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: So the state meet results for this year and stuff will be on mile split, regional meets, area meets.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: a lot of the regular meets during the year, because they're trying to make it so actually it would be easier for you to pull data, because most of the regular meets this year were on mile split, because they're trying to do a,
Anthoney Quebedeaux: You know, a statewide, database for… All meats, pretty much.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: What… what data?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: statewide data, you know, for regular meats and everything, it's all through Miles Split now.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: So…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: the data on mile split should be much more accurate than it has in the past. This year was the first year.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: dot com.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: You can also get national data from Miles Split.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Well, TX mile split if you're doing Texas.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: We'll do statewide and…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Because regular mile split is just the national database.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: And if you… that's gonna be the most accurate database for running results.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: We got some new people running our district.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Like, we had a new head of athletics and stuff.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: They seem like they're gonna try to change things for the cross-country and track for better.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: That's good.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Because we had a… we had a meeting with all sports, and they're trying to, across the board, make things better, funding for things, and…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Of course, there's so much… There's so few dollars right now in public schools that… They're,
Anthoney Quebedeaux: They're gonna have to figure out how to manage money better.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Be more efficient.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Lindsay was the smartest person ever getting out of public school.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Because it's going to hell.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: with Abbott in charge and all this stuff happening, it's killing us.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Alright, pulling data from there… 20, 30 minutes to pull data? Sweet.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Is there anything else you'd want in a calculator?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Assuming I get all this stuff.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I mean…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Corrected.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Will there be a way where, like, after you, like, say I put a spreadsheet in, all my kids' data, is it gonna have profiles for each kid on this thing, or something like that?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: then that's kind of what I would like, because then I'd like to go through a folder of profiles.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: As if we just called Lindsey here, right?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: 37… The female… 20 years… 14 miles… post-collegiate… 400…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I don't remember what she ran for the 400, we'll just say 60… We'll call that…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: 59, Anthony.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I know, I know.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: She'd be upset if I put that right.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: It would be, because that was, like, the big thing that took her a long time. 800, don't forget her 800.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Didn't she run, like, 227s?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Maybe your last fast one.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Okay, we'll just put that in for now.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Okay, so now, whenever we go to the athletes, now we have… Lindsay, hybrid athlete.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Callie, middle discipline athlete. Yeah, so you'll just have all your athletes in here.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Two athletes in a roster.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: They just click on it, and it gives that information about them.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: M.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Now you're in her stuff.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: This design's really cool, too.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: How much do you think you're gonna charge for this app?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: What are you… Thinking about doing…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: My goal… I'm thinking, like I said.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: If people just want to use this top part.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, you said that was gonna be free. That'll be free.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: If you want to start putting in 20 athletes, I'm gonna charge…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: $20 a month, or $150 a year.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So you get, like, a significant… Discount by doing a yearly.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Right.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: If you have over 20 athletes, These numbers aren't solidified yet.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: This is just kind of what I've been looking into. So free tier, and then up to 20 athletes.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: And then, 20 or more, you'd pay $49 a month, or…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I think 49 a month is, like.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So 50 times 10 is 500…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: So you just sell this on the App Store, and then you have subscriptions to it?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Damn.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: That's cool.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: It seems like $20 a month for… Most people…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Like, most coaches probably don't want to put in all their athletes.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Like, they're okay if they only have 20, because they can say, okay, my top 20 I'm gonna put in here. I don't really care about the other ones, like, they're not running fast enough for me to…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Measure all this stuff.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Or they take one out and put, you know, put another one in.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Would you give a coach more athletes if they got a yearly subscription?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Or, like, some sunroof.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Well.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I guess you can, it's…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I would just give them a better deal. So instead of… so right now, it's $20 a month.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Which… a year… Would be $240 a year.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: But I'm giving them the discount of $150 for the year, if they buy it annually.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So you're getting about a… 40% discount for paying for the year.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Do you do a beta… like…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Do you do, like, a… are you gonna do a…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Trial for people to test it out first, or you…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: 14-day free trial, so anyone can have access to everything for 14 days.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I mean, but, like, for you, like, to try…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Test it out? Yeah.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: That's it.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I'm gonna get 10 people, you'll probably be one of them, 10 people to test it out for me.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Oh yeah, I'd absolutely love to, I think…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: This might be your best idea yet.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yep.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I mean, just if it get all the kinks out and stuff, I feel like in the numbers are just, like, more spot-on, this can be the possibilities of it.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Dope.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: You know, for training.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: And then if you get… if you need more high school coaches, I can give you the…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I can… Talked to numerous ones in our district, too.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: If you want more, better. Like, the Johnson coach… Sure.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: better.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I probably wouldn't waste it on anybody besides, like, schools like Reagan and Johnson and stuff.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Because, like, Roosevelt and Madison, they're probably not gonna… be training that… The higher level, maybe.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah. Is there anything that you think that this could add?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Assuming all the bugs were worked out of it, is there anything that you would want to.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I mean, if I were to… to use it for a little bit, then I could maybe determine Or…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Is there anything now that you don't… I guess, let me put it this way. Is there anything you wish an app could do that you…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Haven't found it to do.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Like, what this would do for me, I feel like, would,
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Just make things a lot easier.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Like, cause you're… You're calculating it.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Like, more of a old-fashioned way, you know?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: like…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I, and this also would track work.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Well, how well does it track workouts? Like, can… is there a way that you can use this and input some sort of tracking of specific workouts that they do in it?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: But, like, if, like, link it up with Strava or something?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, link it up with some sort of… or even some sort of journal app, where they can journal in…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Or you as a coach could journal in
Anthoney Quebedeaux: like, specific workouts. This workout is for, you know, a threshold run.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: And then put in the parameters of the run.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: And then maybe it could, like, say this, this athlete's threshold pace should be this, and so maybe it could, like, highlight in colors. Like, green means that they were on pace within their threshold zone.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: That's what my… so, this side app that I'm working on here that I've been talking to you about, is a…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Ultimately, it's gonna be, like, a beta version…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: of what the coaching lab will do. So the coach lab…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: We'll have all of this stuff in it. I'm just gonna, basically, once this gets fully vetted out, and it works 100%.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I'm getting rid of this app and putting it straight into the Coach Lab app.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, and then they work together of tracking workouts.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Well, it'll just be one huge app, yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Or I might just keep both of them, and then for anyone that's just doing running stuff, and they don't care about the other stuff, and they want to pay $20 a month, and they do that here. Whereas the coach lab would be like.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: How are they working out? How are they getting… preventing injury?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: How are they lifting weights? What does their season look like? What is their next…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: 4 years of programming look like?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Like, the other app's doing, like, everything.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, it's like it's journaling, it's… it's, analyzing its…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: It's doing all the things that you're doing, like, in a much older… way.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: But then it's probably predictive, I'm sure.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Showing what are the… well, you see the trends, and then… and predict… Like, what?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: what's the weaknesses, I'm sure, and then also, like, what are the future performances?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Based on… Consistency of the workouts.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah, because that'd be the plan, right? Like, the more data you put in here, like, if they go out on a tempo run.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: say, Lindsey… Doing this here.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: She was out on a 5-minute… 520 mile.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So, like, again, these numbers are…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Wait, why are those numbers off?
Anthoney Q., CSCS: 800 meter, 400 meter.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Because there's no way Lindsey could run a 520 mile.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: At an easy pace.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: to fix.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Or, should be well under…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: For VO2 max, she's broken the world record.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: for men.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah, that's… that's not correct information. So, you know, that's the other thing. Like, she's running a 59400, so…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I don't know where these mile… per mile are coming from.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Oh, if she ran a 59-second 400, then that would be a… 357 mile.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So that's the problem. Once you get to, like.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Because if you did 100 meters, and say someone's running 100, yeah, like… a 3… 12 second.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Oh, I see. Okay, so I need to have some type of clarification on here.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, like…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: running at this pace, so maybe I need to remove this mile percentage here?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: And then just leave that down here.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Because basically what it's doing is just pays straight up for $400.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: All these numbers on the right side are right, but the per mile are wrong, because…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Like, it's saying her mile time is 59 seconds per lap in a mile, and then it's doing percentages on the type of run, so that's why they're so fast.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: That's, yeah, it's taking that 59, and assuming she can run… 59 every single time.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: And get a 357 mile.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: But you can't. Where this does work better if you have, like, a…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: 5K run… someone doing 5K stuff. If they're running a 5K, then you have 3 miles of data, and then you can say, okay, well, every 100 meter, they're running this pace. So for a 400 meter right now, the numbers are off, because
Anthoney Q., CSCS: she can't… I mean, I guess she could run a 12-second 100 meter.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Or her 100 meters in this chart, like, that works, but she couldn't sprint.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: At a 315… oh, no, no, no, no. So this is…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: That part would be more right. She could sprint, say, 50 meters, At a 315 mile pace.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: And then if she's doing easy… She could do… Because she's not running…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: 400… see, that… I think that time would be off, because her mile should be closer to… for easy.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: wouldn't relate to that 59 seconds, so that easy 60-70% mileage is still off, because it's assuming that she can run a mile in 4… in about 4 minutes or less, or, yeah, 3.57. So it's saying, if she can run a mile in 3.57, then her easy percentage should be up here.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So that's another thing the app's gonna have to do. That's why I wanted to talk to you on Zoom, because I'm gonna record this whole conversation, drag and drop that transcript into AI, and get it to analyze everything, and then just get it to fix everything for me.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, and I agree with Alex, too, because on easy, too, it's hard to measure sometimes, because even, like, a sub-4 minute miler.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Might be a lot slower than… A 520 mile.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Like, they might be running 7-minute pace for easy.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: It just depends on, yeah, based on feel.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: So… Easy might be a wide range.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: But maybe… It would still be accurate, because it's, you know.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Like, 60% all the way to even 55%, all the way to… maybe… 70% at the highest.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I need it to go back over and…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I need to see where all my files are, because I think somewhere there's some files got lost, because it looked a little bit different before I put it on the website, because now it's, like, up and live and running.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: But it's just, there's a bunch of bugs in it, so… Once I get the bugs worked out of it, then I'll send it to you.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah. Well, you might have to sit me down…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Show me step-by-step how to use it and stuff, but…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, this is awesome, man. This is a good idea. It just looks like it…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: If you get it working exactly the way… I mean, and it's one of those things, you can get newer versions and keep adding.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I mean, so far I've spent about… 3 hours on it, so… Yeah. Not too much time.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: It's pretty intensive for, that.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I'm crazy, how are you?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, man, this might be a good moneymaker for you, because,
Anthoney Quebedeaux: It seems like it's something that I, as a coach, I would want this
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I think most good coaches would want this kind of data at their fingertips and easily
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Could save you a lot of time, man.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Well, cool. Once I get more stuff done, then I'll…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I'll let you know, but thanks for talking over all this with me when I'm… Let this process…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: You got, at your fingertips, you got plenty of, testing subjects, so…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: And I can always find you more, whatever you need, because,
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I guarantee you a bunch of the high school coaches would like to try this out.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yeah, looking for that price, too, people would be willing to pay for it. It seems like…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: The Tinman calculator, I think that's, like, $15 a month.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I haven't looked into it. Let's think that… I think…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Melissa said she thought it was 20, then she's like, no, I think it's 15.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: So, like, well.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, charged.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: $5 more and give people significantly more data.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Then, like, why would they not want to use it?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, I'll talk to that other coach from Johnson, because he talked to me a lot about Tinman.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I think he uses that a lot.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: So I'm sure he would be used to wanting.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: And I talk to him all the time, so… and he's a pretty high level. He was Region Coach of the Year in Cross Country.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Cheers.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: But I talk to him all the time.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I'm gonna let you go. I need to go help Lindsey with Tyler.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah, well, I might try to come see you guys tomorrow, or maybe…
Anthoney Q., CSCS: I think we'll be in San Marcos, potentially, so I can give you a call in the morning, let you know what we do.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: I haven't seen you guys in, it seems like, forever. It's been the longest… Stretch for track and stuff.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Like, good, but very stressful, and… You know?
Anthoney Quebedeaux: The price of doing well is…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Pretty costly, because you just end up… Making less money, and…
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Keep going and going and going.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Yep.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Next year, even more, because we're gonna win even more, I think.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: That's awesome.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Cool. I'll give you a call tomorrow.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Alright, man.
Anthoney Q., CSCS: Alright, later.
Anthoney Quebedeaux: Yeah. Bye.